Which is the best term life insurance plan for your family
?  What are some of the
odds that are right for your family?
What new features have come in the market?
How can you get the best discounts?
If these questions are in your mind then this
video is for you.  Today we will talk
about ICICI Prudential Eye Protect Smart Plus Plan.  Its first
feature is 100% payout on terminal in.  If
you get a disease for which there is
no cure.  If
you are diagnosed with any such disease while this policy is active,
you
get the full death benefit immediately.  Next we will talk
about Smart Exit Benefit.
Meaning full refund of premium and that
too absolutely free.  At a certain age, this
plan gives you back all your paid premiums and
that too without any extra
charges.  This means that as long as your family
is dependent on you and you need it, you
get protection and after that
all your money is returned.  Let's say your
finances are a little tight at times.  If you have
continued this plan for 5 years, then
you get the option that you do
not pay a single premium for the entire 12 months of one year and your
plan will still remain active.  And if
your claim comes during this period, then your nominee will
get the full amount only by making the pending
premium minor.  Its next very
thoughtful feature is immediate payout on
claim intimation.  The worst fear of any policy holder is
that in difficult times,
his family may
not get the claim.  This plan
completely rules out this fear.  As soon as you
intimate the claim, your nominee will immediately
receive Rs 3 lakh to
manage all the expenses and the remaining amount will be
transferred to your nominee's account after your claim is approved and the documents are validated.
Now let's talk about some paid benefits
which
you can use to further enhance your policy after paying just a small nominal amount.  The
first add-on is the critical illness rider.  If
you are diagnosed with any critical illness during the policy term,
you will immediately
receive a lump sum amount of critical illness cover
so that you do not face any financial tension.  The
next add-on is extra payout
on accidental death.  God forbid, if you
die due to any accident, then
apart from your lump sum cover, your family can
get an extra amount which you
can insure through this add-on.  Now let's
talk about discounts.  If you
buy this policy online, you
get a lifetime discount of up to 5%.  If you are
a salaried employee, you
get an additional discount of up to 15%
in the first year.  If you are a woman buyer,
you get 15% discount on premium paid as
compared to male buyers.  Now let's talk about
tax benefits.  During the term insurance
tenure, you get a
full benefit of ₹1.5 lakh under Section 80C of the old tax regime
which you can claim.
And the amount that your nominee will receive in your absence is
100% tax free under Section 1010D.  It
is applicable in both tax regimes.  Now let's talk about the claim.  The
biggest advantage of buying a plan from Policy Bazaar is
that you do
not need to worry about claims.  You
get a dedicated relationship manager who
stands by your family during difficult times
and helps you file claims.  We
hope you liked this video
and it will help you in choosing the
best term insurance plan for your family.